👋 Hi, I’m Bharath Kumar c.
I am an Electrical engineer with outstanding academic performance. Currently a student at University of Nottingham persuing specialization  in Msc Power Electronics and drives. Along with the knowledge of elctrical sciences 
I have developed special intrest solving problems relating to electrical engineering using programming languages. Over the past two years I have came across many programming languages 
such as Java, C, C++, C#, Pyhton, Scala, Julia, R, Lisp, Spring. Worked with databases and tools like DB2, MySQL, Mongo, SQL, HDFS, HBase, S3, Matlab, Psim, Pspice. Adobe Experience Manager (6.0, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5.6), Adobe Frame
Maker, Oxygen. Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, Keras, H2o.ai, Numpy,Pandas, Matplotlib, Scipy, Anaconda Platform.

Over the past 2 year I had been worked as Java Developer at Tata Consultancy Services Which helped me to gain experience working with CQ5/AEM with versions 6.0, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5.6 and expertise in CQ5, CRX, JCR, Sling, Apache Oak
and OSGI technologies.during the project I got opportunity of understanding of the AEM architecture, Application development and Deployment Cycles, CQ5 building blocks, CRX
repository, leveraging web content management components for the customization of websites.I have involved in developing applications on OSGI, Apache Sling and Apache Felix
frameworks, implemention of the adobe experience manager enhancements and integration using maven build system, Front End Technologies like HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap,
JQuery, AJAX, JSTL, ExtJS, JSON and Angular JS. amd GIT for application development and colloboration with the team.I have also worked on creating templates and custom components
using JSP and Sightly.I Have Worked on Multi Site Manager (MSM) to develop live copy from blueprint, such that the structure and content can then be used on Live Copy.I have Worked on design and implementation of modules on CQ 6.0 and AEM 6.3, 6.4 and 6.5.6.

I Have a working experience on CQ5 Forms customization by developing the custom form fields and specifying the global validation resource type at the form level.I have Experience in web technologies including XML side scripting languages such as Javascript,JSP and web services development using RESTful implementations.I have a Good knowledge of database connectivity for databases like MongoDB.I have Actively involved in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).I have a Experience of Agile and SCRUM methodologies.I Worked closely in deploying applications/Enhancements to Dev and QA environments.Duing the tenure I have been a good Team player with excellent communication skills, leadership qualities and writing skills and Good problem solving skills and extraordinary troubleshooting capabilities. 
